Add documentation for the CI + CD workflow (#1001)
WordPress/openverse: documentation/reference/ci_cd/index.md

# CI + CD workflow

The CI + CD workflow is the primary pipeline of the project. It runs the tests

> for all layers of the stack (which have changed in the current PR or commit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for all layers of the stack that have been changed by the PR or commit it is being run against
```

Slight reword for clarity, not a big deal though.
